Add ProjectRequests to known-to-fail list (#7)
projectsyn/component-cluster-backup: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

Password used to encrypt the backup.
The default is a reference to a secret within Vault.

== `known_to_fail`

[horizontal]
type:: list
default::
+
[source,yaml]
----
- '.+mutators'
- '.+reviews'
- '.+validators'
- 'bindings'
- 'deploymentconfigrollbacks'
- 'imagesignatures'
- 'imagestreamimages'
- 'imagestreamimports'
- 'imagestreammappings'
- 'mutations'
- 'projectrequests'
- 'useridentitymappings'
- 'validations'
----

> Resource types which are known as producing errors when doing `kubectl get <resource>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resource types which are known to produce errors when doing `kubectl get <resource>`.
```

The original might be correct but sounds weird to me.
